Task(connector-sdk): Adding example for Fleetio (#155)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: examples/source_examples/fleetio/README.md

Reviewer: please get it reviewed by @fivetran-dejantucakov

# Fleetio Connector Example

The Fleetio Connector allows Fleetio customers to easily pull their data into their destination databases with Fivetran.
For more information about Fleetio, check out [our site](https://www.fleetio.com) or [contact us](https://www.fleetio.com/contact)!

> If you need more details about the endpoints pulled by the connector, visit our [API docs](https://developer.fleetio.com/docs/category/api).

Reviewer 2: Let's add a line here. This example was built by the Fleetio team, who approved adding it to this repository.

# Fleetio Connector Example

The Fleetio Connector allows Fleetio customers to easily pull their data into their destination databases with Fivetran.
This example was built by the Fleetio team, who approved adding it to this repository.
For more information about Fleetio, check out [our site](https://www.fleetio.com) or [contact us](https://www.fleetio.com/contact)!

> If you need more details about the endpoints pulled by the connector, visit our [API docs](https://developer.fleetio.com/docs/category/api).

Reviewer: I think this language needs be updated as we are now going to host this example in our repo

Author: Done

```
flatten_json==0.1.14
```

Note: The `fivetran_connector_sdk:latest` and `requests:latest` packages are pre-installed in the Fivetran environment. To avoid dependency conflicts, do not declare them in your `requirements.txt`.

## Pagination

The connector paginates by checking whether `next_cursor` is returned by the endpoint and then calling the API with `start_cursor` set to that. 
The connector stops once `next_cursor` is null.
See the function `continue_pagination` from lines 176-185 for more details on implementation.

## Data handling

All data that comes in through the Fleetio API is flattened by one level before being upserted into the destination table.
The primary key for all tables for the upsert is the `id` field. 
There are certain columns that are kept as JSON or lists that mainly hold custom fields and labels; if you're interested in finding out which columns are kept nested, i.e., which are set to the JSON data type, please check the base_schema defined from lines 17-160.

## Error handling

From lines 189-197 in `connector.py`, there's a try block when making the call to the Fleetio API. 

> If the API returns any errors, they're recording in the Fivetran log and displayed in the UI.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the API returns any errors, they are recorded in the Fivetran log and displayed in the Fivetran dashboard.
```

## Tables Created

> The tables that customers can load are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following tables are synced to the destination:
```
